I would like to start a new project named 'Habit'.
The project will be a web based app, HTML, css, javascript. intended to be used as a PWA, using indexdb for data storage.
Purpose: Primary purpose is to mark a list of user maintained dailed tasks as complete.
Main View: First line will be "Streak: $currentStreak Record: $recordStreak" when a streak exists for the user. Next list of Categories followed by tasks for the category one per line. Clicking on a task will mark it as complete by changing the background color (Dynamic Text Color: Use a color contrast algorithm (e.g., WCAG contrast ratio) to automatically select the most legible text color for any chosen completion color) to a user selected 'Completion Color', When not complete lines should be either white or black background with dark or light text based on whether the user selects Light / Dark mode in user settings. When all tasks under a Category are complete the tasks for that category  should slide into the category header with a collapse animation and the category should take the completion color. End of page should be a 'Setup' button which leads to user configuration.
User configuration: "Light / Dark Mode:" Drop down selector with Dark being default. "Completion Color:" Default to a bright green and offer a color picker to update. "Sections:" Should display a list of Sections that the user can add remove, edit and reorder by drag and drop. Clicking on a category should pop up a task list manager, with similar controls for adding, removing, editing and reordering (via drag and drop, with clear visual cues) tasks associated with the clicked Category as well as a save and close button. The user configuration page should have a save button and close button. When no tasks have been configured the view should automatically open the configuration display with a first time setup note "Please configure your Tasks below to start building better habits."
Streaks: Upon completion of all configured tasks consider that calendar day a success, this would be a streak of 1, thus updating our streak and record streak to 1, if after 4 days the user misses a day this would end that streak at 4. so now the streak would be 0 and the record would be 4. Streaks are a key point of the app to encourage interaction. We should add a congratulations line when setting a record streak with a new first line "New Streak Record!" in the completion color.
Function Notes: Pressing and holding for 1 second on a category should reverse completion uncollapsing the tasks and unmarking them as complete. Similarly 1 sec press on a completed task to undo the completion. 
Progress Indicators: Use the streak line as a progress bar for the day, and each category line the same for the tasks below it, resulting in the last clicked item finishing the category bar and making it the completion color.
Celebration Animations: When a new record streak is achieved, add a small celebratory animation (e.g., confetti burst) to make the achievement feel rewarding, make the celebration larger when it is a completion of the first week, first month, and subsequent months completed on the streak.
Note, icon will be in /icons/ and 32.png 256.png and 512.png will be there and are 32x32px, 256x256px and 512x512px respectively. Use where appropriate.